>> Brian: We broke our Lint in the process
cuz Standard doesn't actually know how to
lint React.
I mean it can but, the real issue
is that we actually have additional
things we wanna enforce from
our linter for React, right?
Like there's particularly things that make
Writing React better if you do them that
way, if we want our
linter to enforce that.
So we wanna include lint rules for that.
Unfortunately, we have this issue that I
was explaining it as a benefit earlier,
that standard is not configurable.
Not even to add more things to it.
So at the point that you wanna do
anything to subtract or add to standard,
you actually have to stop
using the standard package.
You have to use EsLint and
include the standard rules.
So it is what it is but,
it's actually not too bad to do.
So first thing, create a new file,
call it,
this is going to be inside of the,
complete-intro-to-react folder,
it's been called .eslintrc.json.
The reason why they put .json there is I
think you can configure it with YAML now,
if anyone's into that.
I am not, so I do not, so
save that.
>> Brian: Yes it begins with the dot,
I don’t give a shit.
>> Brian: Sorry I just
argue with my editor all day.
[LAUGH] Okay, so
the JSON file "extends": and
that's gonna be an array.
And the first thing we're going
to include is standard, right?
So this is saying, please give me
everything from the standard rules and
also, I want everything
from standard-react.
Standard-react just from the same people,
it's a bunch of standard rules for
react that are just sane default rules for
linting reacts.
So a plus definitely should always,
even if you don't want to use,
necessarily, Standard.
Standard React is like pretty
much required for writing React,
in my opinion.
>> Brian: There's
nothing controversial about
standard React, unlike standard.
I'll put it that way.
So now we wanna be able to fix our lenter,
right?
Because now it can't
just run using standard,
that won't work anymore, so
we need it to run via eslint directly.
So what we're going to do is we're
going to go to our package.json,
we're going to change
"lint" to be "eslint",
because that's what we're
actually going to run directly.
It's automatically going to read from our
>> Brian: From
our eslint config, so
now we just have to tell it where to run.
So we're gonna tell it
to run in js/**/*.js.
This is just telling eslint,
go into the JS directory and
then lint everything in that folder.
That ends in .js and
also go recursively deep, right.
So it's going to go down your
entire directory tree inside of js.
If you don't put the star star there
it'll only do the first level,
it won't go recursively deep, right?
And then we also want to
lint our Webpack config,
so just do webpack.config.js.
>> Brian: Now you might be thinking I did
not actually MPM install globally eslint.
However this actually still works,
because what MPM is going to do is,
first going to check for a global install.
No I don't think that's true,
I think it first checks if node modules
has any package called ES lint.
It uses that one, and then if it doesn't
find that, then it looks globally, right.
So this still works,
despite the fact that you don't actually
have ES Lent actually installed,
globally that is.
Right, so now I can say npm run lint, and
it's going to crash, it's cuz a bunch
of stuff here.
>> Brian: So new line required,
okay prop validations, haven't talked
about that, so let's ignore that for now.
And actually you can just ignore
everything from my title and
then delete it.
In fact, let's just do that,
because that's just gonna give me
a bunch of Lint errors.
>> Kent: Just a hint, I think,
if you put the -s on the end,
I think it will not give you that
blast of npm errors, I think.
That's one of the things that Kent C Dodds
suggested.
>> Brian: Love Kent, he's a good dude.
Also from Utah, yeah that is good.
So yeah,
if you just include MPM run lint-s,
you lose all the MPM output,
which is good.
All right, so
I'm going to just remove js/MyTitle,
because we don't need it anymore.
And I'm going to run that again.
New line required, but
I can't be bothered to do it, so
I'm going to do npm run lint dash,
dash, dash, dash fix, right?
Because remember, you can pass that dash,
dash fix into ES lint.
And now, if I run it without it,
>> Brian: Everything
works okay.
>> Brian: Any questions
about making Lint work?
>> Brian: Awesome.
>> Speaker 3: So question about using if
you have both JSX and JS files
>> Brian: And
then you just have to do both
globing patterns, globbing patterns,
rather.
>> Brian: So
you just come in here,
>> Brian: And do this.
There might be a better way to do it, but
this is an easier way to do it.
>> Kent: That way
works.
>> Kent: That way works.
>> Brian: Yeah this way works, exactly.
Yeah, you can probably do like
a fancy regx, if you want to,
but I don't know who wants to do regx,
that seems like a bad thing to want to do.
So don't or do, I don't care.
>> [LAUGH]